[MUSIC]
In this module we'll be
introducing the Arduino IDE,
actually the entire Arduino environment
which involves the IDE, which is
a software interface where you write
the code and you compile it and upload it.
The Arduino board is another element
of the Arduino environment, and
that actually involves a chip and
the program that executes the code, but
also the Arduino shields.
The Arduino compatible shield, so
a shield is basically add-on hardware.
It comes, then you stack on top of
the board, and you use that with,
via library so you get a set of Arduino
libraries, associated with each shield.
So really the Arduino environment
has three components,
the IDE for programming,
the board itself, and the shields, and
we'll just outline all those and
talk about how they all work together.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]